P2-Project_Outline/README.md, before:

# Project Outline

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/assignments/project-outline/)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview

“An Application for the Charlotte Street Foundation Open Studios Event”

The Charlotte Street Foundation, a local arts nonprofit, manages studio residencies for performers, visual artists and writers on the sixth floor of the Town Pavilion. In April we will invite the public to our Open Studios event for an inside look at our art, studios and our creative processes. 

The “Studio Visit” or ”Patron Passport” app will serve as a virtual passport to log the attendees’ studio visits. Participation will be 100% voluntary, as we want to encourage meaningful exchanges between artists and their guests. It is an opportunity for artists to inform the public about their art, and also a potential setting for sales and connecting to galleries and exhibition curators. Artists can design products to tempt visitors to fill their virtual passports. For example, resident artist Benjamin Todd Wills will serve grilled cheese sandwiches in his studio. In return for a completed virtual passport, the $10 sandwich price will be waived. Artists’ rewards and their requirements can be customized. I have lots of ideas and potential problems to solve in relation to this app, but it should be a fun one that I can scale up or down in complexity.


### Features

User login/account creation;
Schedule of performances;
Artist profiles include photo; 
120-word artist bio; 
description of products or swag;
Search by artist name, medium, performance time, map location;
Artist QR codes for tally of studio visits;
Studio Map



### Technologies

Unit 2 technologies 
Python Flask and SQLAlchemy
Jinja templating

OR 

Node.js
Firebase
React

Some way for artists to log guests’ visits




### What I'll Have to Learn


Node.js
Firebase
React
React Native for apps that run on multiple platforms

Some sort of scanning check-in technology for tracking visits 

### Project Tracker

I’ve signed up for Trello and Pivotal, but do not have a clear sense of which will work best for the project.

### GitHub Issues are enabled.

Commit message:

edit MVP to conform to mission statement

P2-Project_Outline/README.md, after:

# Project Outline

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/assignments/project-outline/)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview

“An Application for the Charlotte Street Foundation Open Studios Event”

The Charlotte Street Foundation, a local arts nonprofit, manages studio residencies for performers, visual artists and writers on the sixth floor of the Town Pavilion. In April we will invite the public to our Open Studios event for an inside look at our art, studios and our creative processes. 

The “Studio Visit” or ”Patron Passport” app will serve as a virtual passport to log the attendees’ studio visits. Participation will be 100% voluntary, as we want to encourage meaningful exchanges between artists and their guests. It is an opportunity for artists to inform the public about their art, and also a potential setting for sales and connecting to galleries and exhibition curators. Artists can design products to tempt visitors to fill their virtual passports. For example, resident artist Benjamin Todd Wills will serve grilled cheese sandwiches in his studio. In return for a completed virtual passport, the $10 sandwich price will be waived. Artists’ rewards and their requirements can be customized. I have lots of ideas and potential problems to solve in relation to this app, but it should be a fun one that I can scale up or down in complexity.

To achieve the MVP, I must support the mission of the organization: (https://charlottestreet.org/about/mission-history/)

My goal for this project is to facilitate connections between patrons and the art. Fostering engagement and meaningful conversations between artists and the public. I would prefer to incentivize quality over quantity, so I will omit the cheese sandwich ordering feature, although I will retain the visit logging feature so that attendees can track their journey.


### Features

User login/account creation;
Schedule of performances;
Artist profiles include photo; 
120-word artist bio; 
description of products or swag;
Search by artist name, medium, performance time, map location;
Artist QR codes for tally of studio visits;
Studio Map



### Technologies

Unit 2 technologies 
Python Flask and SQLAlchemy
Jinja templating

OR 

Node.js
Firebase
React

Some way for artists to log guests’ visits




### What I'll Have to Learn


Node.js
Firebase
React
React Native for apps that run on multiple platforms

Some sort of scanning check-in technology for tracking visits 

### Project Tracker

I’ve signed up for Trello and Pivotal, but do not have a clear sense of which will work best for the project.

### GitHub Issues are enabled.
